docs/google-forms/create-google-form.md, before:

# Creating an entry form [WIP]

Creating an online entry form is where it all starts. The simplest and most convenient way to achieve this (with guaranteed TrialManager compatibility!) is to create a Google Form.

### Using one form for multiple events

Stub

### Adding Phone/Mail Entries

Occasionally, we've found that some trialists simply cannot fill out an online form. Sometimes people are scared of the new format, but generally with strong encouragement we've found them to overcome that barrier and their feedback is positive. 

However, the most common reason that people cannot use the online form is that they simply don't have access to an internet-connected device. In this case, they'll have to resort back to the old standard of phone/mail entry. **Any entries performed in this way will need to be added to what you have collected online** - there are two ways of achieving this.

1. Go through the online entry form yourself, but enter the details they have given you over the phone/mail. This option works well and can be done easily anywhere, but can be more time consuming for large numbers of manual entries
2. After entries have closed and you have downloaded the CSV file, you can add each entry into the file (see [editing entries](download-edit-entries.md#editing-the-entries-in-excelgoogle-sheets))

Commit message:

Update forms img folder, add basic requirements section to create-google-form.md

docs/google-forms/create-google-form.md, after:

# Creating an entry form [WIP]

Creating an online entry form is where it all starts. The simplest and most convenient way to achieve this (with guaranteed TrialManager compatibility!) is to create a Google Form.

### Basic Requirements

Generally, you'll want your form to display information such as date, address, contact/payment info and important details such as dog clearance requirements. Furthermore, you may want to collect the participant's contact info and specify any other guidelines relevant to the entry.

However, there are some data points that **you must collect for TrialManager to operate**. TrialManager calls these 'properties'.

![Displaying basic info](../img/google-forms/basic-info.png)

*Above: An example of providing trial info and collecting participant contact info*

### TrialManager Required Properties

### TrialManager Optional Properties

##### Preferred Day Info

### Using one form for multiple events

Stub

### Adding Phone/Mail Entries

Occasionally, we've found that some trialists simply cannot fill out an online form. Sometimes people are scared of the new format, but generally with strong encouragement we've found them to overcome that barrier and their feedback is positive. 

However, the most common reason that people cannot use the online form is that they simply don't have access to an internet-connected device. In this case, they'll have to resort back to the old standard of phone/mail entry. **Any entries performed in this way will need to be added to what you have collected online** - there are two ways of achieving this.

1. Go through the online entry form yourself, but enter the details they have given you over the phone/mail. This option works well and can be done easily anywhere, but can be more time consuming for large numbers of manual entries
2. After entries have closed and you have downloaded the CSV file, you can add each entry into the file (see [editing entries](download-edit-entries.md#editing-the-entries-in-excelgoogle-sheets))
