docs/index.md, before:

# TrialManager

![Demo view](img/demo_drawview.png)

### Download and Install

You can download the latest release of TrialManager from the [releases page](https://github.com/carlst99/TrialManager/releases/latest/). Download and install the `Setup.exe` file.

TrialManager will then keep itself up-to-date automatically, provided you open it while connected to the internet. 
If unsure, you can always compare the version in the `About` menu with the latest release on the releases page

### Diagnostics Acceptance

On the first-time run, TrialManager will ask you if you wish to report diagnostics data to the developer.
We recommend that you leave diagnostics enabled, as it allows us to easily fix issues that TrialManager may encounter while operating.
Note that you can change your decision regarding diagnostics at any time by accessing the about menu.

![Changing diagnostics acceptance in about menu](img/diagnostics_switch.png)

`Changing acceptance in the about menu`

!!! warning	""
	Your privacy is important to us. Any data reported by diagnostics is completely anonymous and contains no personal information.

Commit message:

Start creating documentation on Google Forms creation and manipulation

docs/index.md, after:

# TrialManager

![Image of draw creation page](img/demo_drawview.png)

### Download and Install

You can download the latest release of TrialManager from the [releases page](https://github.com/carlst99/TrialManager/releases/latest/). Download and install the `Setup.exe` file.

TrialManager will then keep itself up-to-date automatically, provided you open it while connected to the internet. 
If unsure, you can always compare the version number in the `About` menu with the latest release on the releases page

### Diagnostics Acceptance

On the first-time run, TrialManager will ask you if you wish to report diagnostics data to the developer.
We recommend that you leave diagnostics enabled, as it allows us to easily fix issues that TrialManager may encounter while operating.
Note that you can change your decision regarding diagnostics at any time by accessing the about menu.

**Any data reported by diagnostics is completely anonymous and contains no personal information**

![Changing diagnostics acceptance in about menu](img/diagnostics_switch.png)

`Changing acceptance in the about menu`
